docs: improve architecture definition (#4)
asanchezRay/afasiaApp: README.md

│   │   ├── Profile/          # User profiles
│   │   ├── Revisar/          # Results review
│   │   └── Welcome/          # Welcome and onboarding
│   ├── components/         # User Interface (Presentation) Layer: Reusable components
│   ├── database/          # Data Access Layer
│   │   ├── models/        # Data models
│   │   └── database.dart  # SQLite implementation
│   ├── constants.dart     # Business Logic Layer: Global app constants
│   └── main.dart          # Application entry point
├── pubspec.yaml           # Dependencies and project configuration
└── README.md             # This file
```

> Note the correspondence between directory structure and the three-layer architecture:

Author: ```suggestion
Note the correspondence between directory structure and our architecture:
```

- **User Interface (Presentation) Layer**: `lib/Screens/` and `lib/components/`

> - **Business Logic Layer**: Activity controllers and business rules

Author: Agregar Revisar

   - Handles local persistence through SQLite
   - Manages data transformations between domain and persistence formats

### Therapy Module Implementation

> The therapy modules (Reading, Writing, Auditory Recognition) are implemented following the three-layer architecture:

Author: our

All communication between layers follows a strict dependency rule: higher layers may reference lower layers, but lower layers must not have direct dependencies on higher layers, ensuring a clean separation of concerns and improved maintainability.

## 📐 Development Rules and Practices

AfasiaApp follows specific development rules and best practices to ensure code quality, maintainability, and scalability:

### Architectural Patterns

1. **Repository Pattern**: 
   - Implemented in the `AfasiaDatabase` class that centralizes all data access operations
   - Provides an abstraction over SQLite database operations
   - Facilitates separation between business logic and data access

> 2. **Model-View-Controller (MVC) Concepts**: 

Author: Borrar MVC, revisar observador o algún otro

- Bridge
- Wrap
